Chore: Clean up kong.conf.default (#7490)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/reference/configuration/configuration-3.7.x.md

### admin_access_log

Path for Admin API request access logs.

If hybrid mode is enabled and the current node is set to be the control plane,
then the connection requests from data planes are also written to this file with

> server name "kong_cluster_listener".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the server name `kong_cluster_listener`.
```

### status_error_log

Path for Status API request error logs.

The granularity of these logs is adjusted by the `log_level` property.

**Default:** `logs/status_error.log`

### debug_access_log
{:.badge .enterprise}

> Path for Debug API request access logs. The default value `off`, implies that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path for Debug API request access logs. The default value `off` implies that
```

should be a different certificate for each DP node.

The certificate key can be configured on this property with either of the
following values:

- absolute path to the certificate key
- certificate key content
- base64 encoded certificate key content

**Default:** none

### cluster_ca_cert

The trusted CA certificate file in PEM format used for:

- Control plane to verify data plane's certificate
- Data plane to verify control plane's certificate

Required on data plane if `cluster_mtls` is set to `pki`.

If the control plane certificate is issued by a well-known CA, set

> `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate=system` on Data plane and leave this field empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lua_ssl_trusted_certificate=system` on the data plane and leave this field empty.
```

This field is ignored if `cluster_mtls` is set to `shared`.

The certificate can be configured on this property with any of the following
values:

- absolute path to the certificate
- certificate content
- base64 encoded certificate content

**Default:** none

### cluster_allowed_common_names

The list of Common Names that are allowed to connect to control plane. Multiple

> entries may be supplied in a comma-separated string. When not set, data plane
> with same parent domain of control plane cert is allowed to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entries may be supplied in a comma-separated string. When not set, only data planes
with the same parent domain as the control plane cert are allowed to connect.
```

### cluster_dp_labels

Comma-separated list of labels for the data plane.

> labels are key-value pairs that provide additional context information for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels are key-value pairs that provide additional context information for each
```

  server.
- `proxy_protocol` will enable usage of the PROXY protocol for a given
  address/port.
- `deferred` instructs to use a deferred accept on Linux (the
  `TCP_DEFER_ACCEPT` socket option).
- `bind` instructs to make a separate bind() call for a given address:port
  pair.
- `reuseport` instructs to create an individual listening socket for each
  worker process, allowing the kernel to better distribute incoming connections
  between worker processes.
- `backlog=N` sets the maximum length for the queue of pending TCP connections.
  This number should not be too small to prevent clients seeing "Connection
  refused" errors when connecting to a busy Kong instance. **Note:** On Linux,
  this value is limited by the setting of the `net.core.somaxconn` kernel
  parameter. In order for the larger `backlog` set here to take effect, it is
  necessary to raise `net.core.somaxconn` at the same time to match or exceed
  the `backlog` number set.
- `ipv6only=on|off` specifies whether an IPv6 socket listening on a wildcard
  address [::] will accept only IPv6 connections or both IPv6 and IPv4
  connections.

> - `so_keepalive=on|off|[keepidle]:[keepintvl]:[keepcnt]` configures the `TCP
>   keepalive` behavior for the listening socket. If this parameter is omitted,
>   the operating system’s settings will be in effect for the socket. If it is
>   set to the value “on”, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned on for the
>   socket. If it is set to the value “off”, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is
>   turned off for the socket. Some operating systems support setting of TCP
>   keepalive parameters on a per-socket basis using the `TCP_KEEPIDLE`,`
>   TCP_KEEPINTVL`, and `TCP_KEEPCNT` socket options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `so_keepalive=on|off|[keepidle]:[keepintvl]:[keepcnt]` configures the `TCP
  keepalive` behavior for the listening socket. If this parameter is omitted,
  the operating system’s settings will be in effect for the socket. If it is
  set to the value `on`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned on for the
  socket. If it is set to the value `off`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is
  turned off for the socket. Some operating systems support setting of TCP
  keepalive parameters on a per-socket basis using the `TCP_KEEPIDLE`,`
  TCP_KEEPINTVL`, and `TCP_KEEPCNT` socket options.
```

- `bind` instructs to make a separate bind() call for a given address:port
  pair.
- `reuseport` instructs to create an individual listening socket for each
  worker process, allowing the kernel to better distribute incoming connections
  between worker processes.
- `backlog=N` sets the maximum length for the queue of pending TCP connections.
  This number should not be too small to prevent clients seeing "Connection
  refused" errors when connecting to a busy Kong instance. **Note:** On Linux,
  this value is limited by the setting of the `net.core.somaxconn` kernel
  parameter. In order for the larger `backlog` set here to take effect, it is
  necessary to raise `net.core.somaxconn` at the same time to match or exceed
  the `backlog` number set.
- `ipv6only=on|off` specifies whether an IPv6 socket listening on a wildcard
  address [::] will accept only IPv6 connections or both IPv6 and IPv4
  connections.

> - `so_keepalive=on|off|[keepidle]:[keepintvl]:[keepcnt]` configures the `TCP
>   keepalive` behavior for the listening socket. If this parameter is omitted,
>   the operating system’s settings will be in effect for the socket. If it is
>   set to the value “on”, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned on for the
>   socket. If it is set to the value “off”, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is
>   turned off for the socket. Some operating systems support setting of TCP
>   keepalive parameters on a per-socket basis using the` TCP_KEEPIDLE`,
>   `TCP_KEEPINTVL`, and `TCP_KEEPCNT`socket options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `so_keepalive=on|off|[keepidle]:[keepintvl]:[keepcnt]` configures the `TCP
  keepalive` behavior for the listening socket. If this parameter is omitted,
  the operating system’s settings will be in effect for the socket. If it is
  set to the value `on`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned on for the
  socket. If it is set to the value `off`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is
  turned off for the socket. Some operating systems support setting of TCP
  keepalive parameters on a per-socket basis using the` TCP_KEEPIDLE`,
  `TCP_KEEPINTVL`, and `TCP_KEEPCNT` socket options.
```

  server.
- `proxy_protocol` will enable usage of the PROXY protocol for a given
  address/port.
- `deferred` instructs to use a deferred accept on Linux (the
  `TCP_DEFER_ACCEPT` socket option).
- `bind` instructs to make a separate bind() call for a given address:port
  pair.
- `reuseport` instructs to create an individual listening socket for each
  worker process, allowing the Kernel to better distribute incoming connections
  between worker processes.
- `backlog=N` sets the maximum length for the queue of pending TCP connections.
  This number should not be too small to prevent clients seeing "Connection
  refused" errors when connecting to a busy Kong instance. **Note:** On Linux,
  this value is limited by the setting of the `net.core.somaxconn` kernel
  parameter. In order for the larger `backlog` set here to take effect, it is
  necessary to raise `net.core.somaxconn` at the same time to match or exceed
  the `backlog` number set.
- `ipv6only=on|off` specifies whether an IPv6 socket listening on a wildcard
  address [::] will accept only IPv6 connections or both IPv6 and IPv4
  connections.

> - `so_keepalive=on|off|[keepidle]:[keepintvl]:[keepcnt]` configures the “TCP
>   keepalive” behavior for the listening socket. If this parameter is omitted,
>   the operating system’s settings will be in effect for the socket. If it is
>   set to the value “on”, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned on for the
>   socket. If it is set to the value “off”, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is
>   turned off for the socket. Some operating systems support setting of TCP
>   keepalive parameters on a per-socket basis using the `TCP_KEEPIDLE`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `so_keepalive=on|off|[keepidle]:[keepintvl]:[keepcnt]` configures the `TCP
  keepalive` behavior for the listening socket. If this parameter is omitted,
  the operating system’s settings will be in effect for the socket. If it is
  set to the value `on`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned on for the
  socket. If it is set to the value `off`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is
  turned off for the socket. Some operating systems support setting of TCP
  keepalive parameters on a per-socket basis using the `TCP_KEEPIDLE`,
```

  refused" errors when connecting to a busy Kong instance. **Note:** On Linux,
  this value is limited by the setting of the `net.core.somaxconn` kernel
  parameter. In order for the larger `backlog` set here to take effect, it is
  necessary to raise `net.core.somaxconn` at the same time to match or exceed
  the `backlog` number set.
- `ipv6only=on|off` specifies whether an IPv6 socket listening on a wildcard
  address [::] will accept only IPv6 connections or both IPv6 and IPv4
  connections.
- `so_keepalive=on|off|[keepidle]:[keepintvl]:[keepcnt]` configures the “TCP
  keepalive” behavior for the listening socket. If this parameter is omitted,
  the operating system’s settings will be in effect for the socket. If it is
  set to the value `on`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned on for the socket.
  If it is set to the value `off`, the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option is turned off for
  the socket. Some operating systems support setting of TCP keepalive parameters
  on a per-socket basis using the `TCP_KEEPIDLE`, `TCP_KEEPINTVL`, and
  `TCP_KEEPCNT` socket options.

This value can be set to `off`, thus disabling the Admin interface for this

> node, enabling a 'data-plane' mode (without configuration capabilities) pulling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node, enabling a data plane mode (without configuration capabilities) pulling
```

Expose `debug_listen` functionalities via a Unix domain socket under the Kong
prefix.

> This option allows local users to use "kong debug" command to invoke various

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows local users to use `kong debug` command to invoke various
```

Comma-separated list of certificates for `proxy_listen` values with TLS
enabled.

If more than one certificate is specified, it can be used to provide alternate
types of certificates (for example, ECC certificates) that will be served to
clients that support them. Note that to properly serve using ECC certificates,
it is recommended to also set `ssl_cipher_suite` to `modern` or `intermediate`.

Unless this option is explicitly set, Kong will auto-generate a pair of default
certificates (RSA + ECC) the first time it starts up and use them for serving
TLS requests.

Certificates can be configured on this property with any of the following

> values: * absolute path to the certificate * certificate content * base64
> encoded certificate content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values:
- absolute path to the certificate
- certificate content
- base64 encoded certificate content
```

order.

Unless this option is explicitly set, Kong will auto-generate a pair of default
private keys (RSA + ECC) the first time it starts up and use them for serving
TLS requests.

> Keys can be configured on this property with any of the following values: *
> absolute path to the certificate key * certificate key content * base64 encoded
> certificate key content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keys can be configured on this property with any of the following values:
- absolute path to the certificate key
- certificate key content
- base64 encoded certificate key content
```

attribute of the `Service` object.

The certificate can be configured on this property with any of the following

> values: * absolute path to the certificate * certificate content * base64
> encoded certificate content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values:
- absolute path to the certificate
- certificate content
- base64 encoded certificate content
```

This value can be overwritten dynamically with the `client_certificate`
attribute of the `Service` object.

> The certificate key can be configured on this property with any of the
> following values: * absolute path to the certificate key * certificate key
> content * base64 encoded certificate key content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The certificate key can be configured on this property with any of the
following values:
- absolute path to the certificate key
- certificate key content
- base64 encoded certificate key content
```

- `nginx_proxy_<directive>`: Injects `<directive>` in Kong's proxy `server {}`
  block.
- `nginx_location_<directive>`: Injects `<directive>` in Kong's proxy `/`
  location block (nested under Kong's proxy `server {}` block).
- `nginx_upstream_<directive>`: Injects `<directive>` in Kong's proxy `upstream
  {}` block.
- `nginx_admin_<directive>`: Injects `<directive>` in Kong's Admin API `server
  {}` block.
- `nginx_status_<directive>`: Injects `<directive>` in Kong's Status API
  `server {}` block (only effective if `status_listen` is enabled).

> - `nginx_debug_<directive>`: Injects `<directive>` in Kong's Debug API `server
>   {}` block (only effective if `debug_listen` or `debug_listen_local` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nginx_debug_<directive>`: Injects `<directive>` in Kong's Debug API 
  `server {}` block (only effective if `debug_listen` or `debug_listen_local` is
```
I don't think you can line-break the contents of backticks.

### declarative_config

The path to the declarative configuration file which holds the specification of

> all entities (routes, Services, Consumers, etc.) to be used when the `database`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all entities (routes, services, consumers, etc.) to be used when the `database`
```

### worker_consistency

Defines whether this node should rebuild its state synchronously or

> asynchronously (the balancers and the router are rebuilt on updates that affect
> them, e.g., updates to Routes, Services, or Upstreams via the Admin API or
> loading a declarative configuration file). (This option is deprecated and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
asynchronously. The balancers and the router are rebuilt on updates that affect
them, e.g., updates to routes, services, or upstreams via the Admin API or
loading a declarative configuration file. (This option is deprecated and will
```

  background job running every second inside of each worker.

Note that `strict` ensures that all workers of a given node will always proxy
requests with an identical router, but increased long-tail latency can be

> observed if frequent Routes and Services updates are expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
observed if frequent route and service updates are expected.
```

Using `eventual` will help prevent long-tail latency issues in such cases, but
may cause workers to route requests differently for a short period of time after

> Routes and Services updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
route and service updates.
```

Selects the router implementation to use when performing request routing.
Incremental router rebuild is available when the flavor is set to either
`expressions` or `traditional_compatible`, which could significantly shorten
rebuild time for a large number of routes.

Accepted values are:

- `traditional_compatible`: the DSL-based expression router engine will be used
  under the hood. However, the router config interface will be the same as
  `traditional`, and expressions are automatically generated at router build

>   time. The `expression` field on the `Route` object is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  time. The `expression` field on the `route` object is not visible.
```

> - `expressions`: the DSL-based expression router engine will be used under the
>   hood. The traditional router config interface is still visible, and you can
>   also write Router Expressions manually and provide them in the `expression`
>   field on the `Route` object.
> - `traditional`: the pre-3.0 Router engine will be used. The config interface
>   will be the same as pre-3.0 Kong, and the `expression` field on the `Route`
>   object is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `expressions`: the DSL-based expression router engine will be used under the
  hood. The traditional router config interface is still visible, and you can
  also write router expressions manually and provide them in the `expression`
  field on the `route` object.
- `traditional`: the pre-3.0 router engine will be used. The config interface
  will be the same as pre-3.0 Kong, and the `expression` field on the `route`
  object is not visible.
```

The special value `system` attempts to search for the "usual default" provided
by each distro, according to an arbitrary heuristic. In the current
implementation, the following pathnames will be tested in order, and the first
one found will be used:

- `/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt` (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo)
- `/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt` (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `/etc/ssl/ca-bundle.pem` (OpenSUSE)
- `/etc/pki/tls/cacert.pem` (OpenELEC)
- `/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem` (CentOS/RHEL 7)
- `/etc/ssl/cert.pem` (OpenBSD, Alpine)

`system` can be used by itself or in conjunction with other CA file paths.

When `pg_ssl_verify` is enabled, these certificate authority files will be used
for verifying Kong's database connections.

Certificates can be configured on this property with any of the following

> values: * `system` * absolute path to the certificate * certificate content *
> base64 encoded certificate content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values:
- `system`
- absolute path to the certificate
- certificate content
- base64 encoded certificate content
```

The SSL certificate for `admin_gui_listen` values with SSL enabled.

> values: * absolute path to the certificate * certificate content * base64
> encoded certificate content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values:
- absolute path to the certificate
- certificate content
- base64 encoded certificate content
```

The SSL key for `admin_gui_listen` values with SSL enabled.

> values: * absolute path to the certificate key * certificate key content *
> base64 encoded certificate key content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values:
- absolute path to the certificate key 
- certificate key content
- base64 encoded certificate key content
```

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_flags
{:.badge .free}

> Alters the layout Admin GUI (JSON) to enable Kong Immunity in the Admin GUI.

Reviewer: This is weird. This flag shouldn't exist, if all it does it enable Kong Immunity. Can you please file a bug report? Immunity was deprecated & removed from the product in 2.7: https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/changelog/#deprecated-2

### admin_gui_header_txt
{:.badge .free}

> Sets text for Kong Manager Header Banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets text for the Kong Manager header banner.
```
There's no reason for "Header Banner" to be capitalized.

> Header Banner is not shown if this config is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The header banner is not shown if this config is empty.
```

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_header_bg_color
{:.badge .free}

> Sets background color for Kong Manager Header Banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the background color for the Kong Manager header banner.
```

Accepts CSS color keyword, #-hexadecimal, or RGB format. Invalid values are
ignored by Manager.

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_header_txt_color
{:.badge .free}

> Sets text color for Kong Manager Header Banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the text color for the Kong Manager header banner.
```

Accepts CSS color keyword, #-hexadecimal, or RGB format. Invalid values are
ignored by Kong Manager.

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_footer_txt
{:.badge .free}

> Sets text for Kong Manager Footer Banner. Footer Banner is not shown if this
> config is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the text for the Kong Manager footer banner. The footer banner is not shown if this
config is empty.
```

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_footer_bg_color
{:.badge .free}

> Sets background color for Kong Manager Footer Banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the background color for the Kong Manager footer banner.
```

Accepts CSS color keyword, #-hexadecimal, or RGB format. Invalid values are
ignored by Manager.

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_footer_txt_color
{:.badge .free}

> Sets text color for Kong Manager Footer Banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the text color for the Kong Manager footer banner.
```

Accepts CSS color keyword, #-hexadecimal, or RGB format. Invalid values are
ignored by Kong Manager.

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_login_banner_title
{:.badge .free}

> Sets title text for Kong Manager Login Banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the title text for the Kong Manager login banner.
```

> Login Banner is not shown if both `admin_gui_login_banner_title` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The login banner is not shown if both `admin_gui_login_banner_title` and
```

`admin_gui_login_banner_body` are empty.

**Default:** none

### admin_gui_login_banner_body
{:.badge .free}

> Sets body text for Kong Manager Login Banner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the body text for the Kong Manager login banner.
```

> Login Banner is not shown if both `admin_gui_login_banner_title` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The login banner is not shown if both `admin_gui_login_banner_title` and
```

Defines the strategy implementation by which Kong nodes will manage symmetric
encryption keys. Please see the Kong Enterprise documentation for a detailed

> description of each strategy. Acceptable values for this option are 'cluster'
> and 'vault'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description of each strategy. Acceptable values for this option are `cluster`
and `vault`.
```

This keypair is used for symmetric keyring import/export, e.g., for disaster
recovery and optional bootstrapping.

> Values: * absolute path to the public key * public key content * base64 encoded
> public key content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values:
- absolute path to the public key
- public key content
- base64 encoded public key content
```

This keypair is used for symmetric keyring import/export, e.g., for disaster
recovery and optional bootstrapping.

> Values: * absolute path to the private key * private key content * base64
> encoded private key content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values:
- absolute path to the private key
- private key content
- base64 encoded private key content
```

**Default:** none

### keyring_recovery_public_key
{:.badge .enterprise}

Defines the public key to optionally encrypt all keyring materials and back
them up in the database.

> Values: * absolute path to the public key * public key content * base64 encoded
> public key content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Values:
- absolute path to the public key
- public key content
- base64 encoded public key content
```

Examples of `untrusted_lua = sandbox` behavior:

> * You can't access or change global values such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can't access or change global values such as
```

> `kong.configuration.pg_password` * You can run harmless Lua: `local foo = 1 +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kong.configuration.pg_password`
- You can run harmless Lua: `local foo = 1 +
```

The resulting filter modules available for use in Kong will be:

> * `my_module` * `my_other_module`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `my_module`
- `my_other_module`
```

Notes:

> * No recursion is performed. Only .wasm files at the top level are registered.
> 
> * This path _may_ be a symlink to a directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No recursion is performed. Only `.wasm` files at the top level are registered.
- This path _may_ be a symlink to a directory.
```

- `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate`: when set, the value is propagated to the
  `nginx_wasm_tls_trusted_certificate` directive.
- `lua_ssl_verify_depth`: when set (to a value greater than zero), several

>   TLS-related `nginx_wasm_*` settings are enabled: *
>   `nginx_wasm_tls_verify_cert` * `nginx_wasm_tls_verify_host` *
>   `nginx_wasm_tls_no_verify_warn`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  TLS-related `nginx_wasm_*` settings are enabled: 
  `nginx_wasm_tls_verify_cert`, `nginx_wasm_tls_verify_host`, 
  and `nginx_wasm_tls_no_verify_warn`
```

- `proxy_wasm_request_headers_in_access`
- `shm_queue`

> 
> ### test
> 
> test
> 
> **Default:** `on`
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Make sure to remove this before submitting.
